feat(core): configure useCan's queryOptions globally and through CanA… (#5538)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/authorization/access-control-provider/index.md

      enableAccessControl: true,
      hideIfUnauthorized: false,
    },
    queryOptions: {
      // ... default global query options
    },
  },
};
```

It's possible to globally configure buttons' behavior by passing `options` to the `accessControlProvider`.
You can still change the behavior of the buttons independently; however, if no configuration is found, buttons will fallback to configuration defined in `options.buttons`.

> By default, `enableAccessControl` is **true**, `hideIfUnauthorized` is **false**, and `queryOptions` is provided with default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `enableAccessControl` is **true**, `hideIfUnauthorized` is **false**, and `queryOptions` is **undefined**.
```

    resource,
    params,
    queryOptions,

> }: UseCanProps* & {
>     queryOptions?: UseQueryOptions<CanReturnType>;
> }) => UseQueryResult<CanReturnType*>

Reviewer: Since we have `queryOptions` also in `CanParams` now, we can just use that interface.

```suggestion
}: CanParams) => UseQueryResult<CanReturnType*>
```
